Heat. Heat. [music]
[music]
Heat. Heat.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Heat. Heat.
Heat. Heat.
[music]
We are back. Hey friends, I don't know
if you're sick of seeing my face. I'm
sick of hearing myself talk today, but
we're back. Thank you for being here and
I appreciate your patience. I am going
to bring our guest and we'll get kicked
off right away. Welcome to our third
open source Friday of the day. So in
case you missed it about an hour ago,
we're chatting with Daniel Ro, the lead
for the NUX project and earlier we were
talking to Yanni from um the R
programming language and the um our open
side foundation. They're doing this
amazing initiative. So, in case you
missed it, go back to our YouTube
channel so that you can take a listen,
put it on play in the background, and
hopefully something will bring value to
your day. I'm Andrea Griffith, a
Columbia Dev in all places, and it is my
absolute pleasure to bring to you a
person I've been stalking for the past
three hours. Welcome, Peter. Hello,
>> Andrea. Welcome. Thanks for having me
and thanks for the patience. No, I'm
worried that I worry people because I
was looking for you and I'm like, "Oh my
gosh, they probably think Peter is in a
ditch somewhere." Uh, but listen,
friends, time zones are so hard. You
don't even know. And I when I scheduled
this also, we were I was in the West
Coast and you are you're in Europe,
right? Like you are UK time zone.
>> Honestly, I was just telling in the chat
I need to stop complaining to my agents
to get time zones wrong when I can even
get the time zones right.
>> Can you even Can you even be mad at the
crab? It's not the crab's fault. It's
not the claw bot.
>> Oh, I mean I mean since we have VI, it's
always AI's fault, right? So, [laughter]
>> this is [clears throat] true. But
welcome.
>> I I'm I switch between Vienna and London
and it's just one hour difference. Uh
but yes, I I I made this mistake
countless times like plus one minus one.
It's too hard.
>> It's fine. Listen, um, we have a
beautiful community and I know folks
were really excited to hear from you. I
had the fun fact, friends, I actually
met Peter in person, uh, last year,
right?
We did. Yeah, we did. Peter is like, I
don't remember you. It's like, maybe,
maybe. But I remember one of the things
you said was
>> I was retired and then I came out of
retirement to mess with AI and and I
mean listen that you're you're not a
pensioner like you know you look like a
young guy and I was like wait a minute
hello nice to meet you like what are you
doing uh can you tell me a little bit
about your pre-retirement life like what
did you do before how did you get
retired and then what motiv motivated
you to get back in this game? And I
mean, I think I know the answer to all
those. Well, at least the the motivation
bit because this AI is so fun. But do
tell what was Peter doing if you're
okay.
>> What was I doing? I was I was running uh
uh my own company for
13 years
and
>> wow,
>> it it was B2B. We built the the world's
leading PDF framework. I built it up to
around 70 people
and yeah, at some point we got an offer
I couldn't refuse basically.
>> I love that for you. And when did you
retire?
>> I mean, it's a joke, but I I I worked
really hard for 13 years, although most
weekends. So, so at the end I was like
pretty much burned out and and and
you have you seen Austin Powers?
>> Yeah, of course.
>> Yeah. Yeah. You know the scene where
they suck the mojo out?
>> Yes.
>> That was it. That was you.
>> Yes. Yes. Yes. That that sucked my mojo
out and I and I I just had a burnout. Um
and took me a while. It took me a while
to to get back. I also felt that I need
had to catch up a little bit on life. So
I I did a lot of other fun stuff. Um but
I knew at some point I knew like I I
love building and creating creating
ideas. I knew it eventually would come
back. And then and then early last year
at some point it just like my spark was
back and it was just a time where AI
went from this is terrible this to oh
this is actually interesting.
and and ever since I
I hooked up countless people with the
the AI addiction.
>> Yes.
>> Been exploring that and it's been it's
been
may I say the most interesting year
since I did tech.
>> Wow. I love that. That's a Listen,
that's a toll for someone who's had you
grown your own company. you manage big
like 70 people and and then you come
back and you're like this is
interesting. Uh so you are the creator
founder by the way solo maintainer. I
just asked Peter this question before
[snorts]
we came on live on the stream because I
was like I was looking through the repo
and I'm not seeing like a core team like
what's going on? It's like no it's just
me. I'm I'm I'm it. Um also there was a
rumor I guess that maybe you were a a
bot or an agent or an AI yourself. So
now information that you're like a real
person. Uh so [laughter] I'm happy I'm
happy for for the folks in the project.
>> You know, you should you should you
should ask me this quest to like turn my
head because right now this is like the
one thing where I still failing. So
>> turn Yes. Yes. Yes.
>> I think Peter passes the human test
>> for sure. But honestly like this project
has been on fire. Um it's gotten so many
GitHub stars. I think you just scratched
a very like exciting itch that people
were dying to figure out a way to do
things. Uh single-handedly I feel like
you're boosting Apple stock because
everyone is off buying Mac minis so that
they can uh set up their own instances.
But please tell us why this how do you
come up with the idea and hopefully
we'll get to see a bit of it in action
as well. you know, um, when I already
when I came back, I wanted something
that is like my my life assistant. I
kind of wanted that in in a in April
already. And I I played with some ideas
and [sighs] the models were just not
good enough yet. And then and then I
dropped it again because I thought,
well, this is something all the big labs
are working on obviously. So, so, uh,
what's the point, right? Um, and then I
built other stuff. Like I I I built a
lot of stuff this year. And then it was
like November and like there was still
no sign that anyone did something like
this. So I'm like, gosh, do I have to do
everything myself?
Um, so
yeah, I don't I don't know what what
clicked, but in in November, I I hacked
something together in in one hour, just
some really crappy code where I could
use WhatsApp
>> and then it would like send something to
cloud code and then send me back what
cloud code did. Uh, and they're like
you just glue the things together. That
was that was not hard. And it was like
kind of nice, but I I wanted I also
wanted images. When I when I prompt, I
often use an image because it's it's
just something that gives agents a lot
of context and it's very fast. So it
took me that actually took me longer
than the rest. Uh so it's it works in
both directions.
And it was just a time where I I I went
to a birthday uh birthday weekend for my
friends in in in Marrakesh.
So, I had like my my my super wonky
system there and I and I and I played
with it while we were like exploring the
city kind of like as a as a tour guide
and like to check out places and stuff
and it already worked better than
expected and at some point I
I didn't think and I I just sent it a
voice message
and but I didn't build support for it,
you know, like I I just made images
work. So, I was like, and and then like
the typing indicator appeared. I'm like,
"Huh, I'm curious what's going to happen
now." And then for like for like 5
seconds and then my my bot answered as
if nothing would have happened. And I'm
like, "How the f did you do that just
now?"
>> Uh oh.
>> And And it was like, "Yeah, like I I got
I saw this file, but it had no file
ending." Yeah. Because I didn't build
it. So, so I I checked the header and it
was like, it was like I think
u I used ffmpeact to convert it. Uh, and
then I was looking for for for whisper
for translation, but you didn't had it
installed and like installation failed.
But I then found an OpenAI key. So I
just use curl to send it to OpenAI and
got back the response.
>> What [laughter]
you're like AGI achieve on my first one.
No, no, it's called algi lobster
general. [laughter]
>> But I think I think that was the moment
where where where it it it kind of
clicked for me really. It was like
>> it's like holy hell, these things are
resourceful
to a degree that I never thought of.
Um,
and then I and then I made I made some
jokes about how
because like I couldn't lock the door.
Sorry. It was like a little bit of a
wonky hotel in Marrakesh and I'm like,
"Hopefully you don't get stolen because
you're running on my on my Mac MacBook
Pro." And he was like, "No, I don't want
to be stolen. I'm your I'm I'm your
agent, la."
Uh and then it checked out my network
because it found tail scale on my
computer.
>> Okay.
>> And it was like and it's like there
other computers.
So basically migrated itself to like my
computer in London. Um I know this is
how Skynet starts, right?
>> This is fascinating. Um so many
questions. First of all, what was the
architecture like to give it that amount
of sentience like that power to how did
they reason to do that? Um what model
were you using? Uh talk us through a
little bit. This is like your first
implementation, right? Like when it was
just you on your WhatsApp and cloud
code.
This is back then it was called V relay.
>> Okay.
>> Like WhatsApp relay, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Uh but then at some point I was working
on it with with with Claude and like and
then I was like because I was I was
there was uh Shadow was was opening a PR
for Discord and I was kind of like on
the fence. Uh should I should I mention
Discord? Like what do we do? This is a
WhatsApp relay. This is not really
fitting.
Um
but then I did it because it sounded
like I I I wanted to use this cuz I
wanted to explore that and then we had
to change the name and because and then
I and then Claude suggested to claude
this
um because there's like this internet
joke of like
a space lobster in the Tardis. Um
but that kind of didn't stick. It's a
nice clobot, but yes, it's still it's
still the same still the same project. I
I clean it up a lot, but uh the roots
are very humble.
>> I love it. Um and so when I first saw
the project, I thought it was something
that came out of Antropic. I was like,
wait, this like I miss that. I miss how
that moves so fast. And I was following
along like I'm sure a lot of people were
starting to like adopt it and use it
themselves. And then besides raising
Apple stock, you're also single-handedly
probably responsible for the third party
top [laughter] of you coming the news
from anthropic. I think you own that
crown. Uh but this was meant to be a
personal project to fix a problem for
yourself and then people just jump right
on it like the community has adopted it
in a way. They're like it's beautiful.
It's beautifully written. It works
right. Um, tell me a little bit about
from the moment because how when did you
go I'm trying to see when the first
commit was that you actually when did
you push this to to the to the polygrio?
>> No, I mean ever since April everything I
do is open source.
>> Beautiful.
>> No no I I when I I came back in April
and and I started okay stuff I do will
be open source. There's there's one
there's only one project that's not open
source right now because the API cost
does horrific uh for Twitter, but
everything everything else on my GitHub
is just open source. Um so the first
commit for this is is sometime in
November.
>> Amazing. Amazing. Then now you have uh
over 6 to 700 stars and there is a ton
of folks that are using it and they're
running some wild things happening like
working from wherever they are setting
off this army of agents. What's been one
of the things that you've personally
seen that kind of surprise you how the
community is using it? Um, maybe
something that you didn't think it was
gonna happen and somebody figured out
how to do or they used it for that and
that wasn't maybe what you thought it
would be for.
>> Oh, people come up with like the the
coolest workflows. Like the other day,
somebody built something to
automatically add subtitles to images.
Somebody hooked up their their Tesla, so
they can just do that.
Um,
somebody integrated the the London
public transport scale. So, it just
tells you like if you have to run or
not.
Um,
the funny thing is now I I'm so
overwhelmed with working on the product
that I have so little time to actually
using all the automations. So, I like I
see all the cool stuff that other people
do and I get jealous.
Uh, eventually this will be better. But
yeah, I mean the other explanation is
that I because the funny thing was I I
built this in November and even in
America I show it to my friends and they
were like, "Oh, this is so cool. This is
so cool. Oh my god." And then I I talked
about it on Twitter and the response was
very muted, you know? It's like
>> it's like people don't get it.
That was in November and then in
December it was still very muted and and
every every time I show it to her friend
they were like I need this. So I was
like where is how can I how can I
explain
how amazing this is? Like clearly I'm
doing something wrong.
So, I did the absolute insane thing that
you do and just created a Discord and
put my bot in there without any any
security
um restrictions because I hadn't built
that yet, right? It was meant it was
meant just for me on WhatsApp. So,
nobody else can text it. So, I don't
have to control who can tell him
commands. Oh, delete all of Peter's
files. Um,
so, so I I basically wrote I just wrote
a little instructions like, "Hey, you're
in Discord, only listen to me." Uh, but
you know how it is like with agents and
and and instruction following. There's
not that's not always going so well.
[clears throat] So, I opened it the
Discord and there's a few people that
came in and I think everybody who saw it
for like a few minutes got it.
Um, and now how how I would explain it
now like imagine imagine you buy a new
computer and you have this ghost entity
and you give it a keyboard and a mouse
um and internet access and and it's like
a a virtual coworker and then you can
just talk talk to that and give it give
it things to do. So anything you can do
in a computer that agent can do in a
computer. That's basically how powerful
that is.
>> That's amazing. And so it's WhatsApp,
Telegram, and Discord. Obviously, I was
chatting with the bot earlier on
Discord. It did a good job. It did a
good job. Uh
>> you could you could have told it to like
turn on the music in my in my bedroom or
maybe like change.
>> You're gonna troll. Don't say that.
People will be like blasting it. Uh but
this is so cool though. But I did though
because I literally just posted a
general message and they were like they
at you and ping you and like that was
part of the comment that they made and
then I continue the conversation with
somebody else and they were like oh yeah
this is the thing that somebody posted
about earlier. Uh so amazing. I was very
impressed in the the interactions there.
Uh I love people making it their own.
They're kind of like creating their
personal assistant or the coworker they
wish they had. Um, but for you
personally, like what's your northstar?
Like when Clubbot can do X, you know,
you're like, "Yeah, this this was it." I
mean, I think you're doing it. You're
creating community around it. You're
giving yourself a ton of work
>> whether you wanted to or not.
>> But what what would be like one thing
that you think, yeah, this will be just
>> No, you know, you know what what I what
my goal kind of was is I fully expected
this year this this year will be the
year of personal agents. Last year was
the year where coding agents got really
good.
>> Yes.
>> And this year is the year where we we'll
we'll come a little bit out of that
engineering niche to everybody has an
agent. And this is going to this is
going to be dominated by open AI and by
entropic by the few big players.
But I kind of wanted to create an
alternative where you can have your data
instead of giving even more data to the
big guys.
>> Yes. something where something that
would work with local models as well.
Um, and I didn't I didn't see I didn't
see that I didn't find anything like
that. This was like my Yeah, this is
important and I wanted to be completely
open and free forever. So, I put that's
why that's why I made open source if I
put it under MIT. That's why I created a
an organization so it's not just under
my name but like this should be
something by more people. The problem
right now though is that I'm I'm so I'm
so clocked down with like making it
better and making it more secure for
people that I didn't really had a chance
to create everything around it and
actually find people that that helped
me. I I I have a few that are now
maintainers, but we haven't really it's
too early to like have a have a system
where we we have a good way of of
sharing work. I'm still working on that.
Yeah, but I mean you've done a lot since
November, December. I mean it's January
23rd, Peter. Like in in less than a
month, you can expect like an entire
project to be completely mature and have
a core team and all those things.
>> Honestly, honestly, with the the rate
how good AI is.
>> Fair.
>> I should I ship more code every day than
my company did in a month.
>> Wow. and and but we had like 70 [snorts]
people.
>> Mhm.
>> So, so the the the rate of how you can
actually build [clears throat] things in
this new world is is insane. And I also
think I'm I'm I'm pushing a few
boundaries how how to think about open
source and and governance. Like
people are sending a lot of pull
requests
um of [snorts]
varying quality.
I mostly see them as prompt requests
>> instead of a pull request. I like that.
I like that. So, are you are people
using Clubbot to send PRs to Clubbot?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
and and and and and what's what's been
really humbling is I got a lot of PRs
from people who literally never
never learned how to write code or never
send a PR because it because it is
because the bot has has computer access
and it knows how GitHub works
>> and and one of the things I did that I
haven't really seen a lot of projects is
when you go on the website you can check
out the the easy install or the hackable
install and the hackable install lit is
like you clone the repo, you build it,
now you start it. So So the agent lives
in its own GitHub repo and it's it's all
TypeScript. So it literally can like
change its own files and just restart.
Um I know this is Skynet again,
[laughter]
but uh that makes it really simple to
when people say like, "Oh, why does this
not work? Oh yeah, let me just fix
that." and then suddenly it works and
then they just make a pull request. So
of of course that's not as good as as
people who been in the industry for 20
years. Um but
it's still amazing that it gets people
into contributing and sharing stuff.
>> I appreciate that way of looking at it.
But I know this is a big problem for
open source projects right now because
now everyone is submitting per request
and a lot of times I think optimizing it
like this though because I guess with
the agent can also help you make sure
that you're looking at the contribution
guidelines and reading through issues
and making sure that you're not
duplicating efforts. But all those are
things that are hard to do unless you
have like really good agents or really
good automation. And it sounds like
that's the way that it's shifting. I
love it. If I find something that's
wrong, I I'll submit the PR and then
Clawbot itself can self-heal. That's
very cool. That's very cool.
>> You know, in the old ways,
you would submit a PR
>> and then you wait a few days and then
somebody might say, "This is wrong. This
is wrong. This is wrong. You're a bad
person."
>> Um then you're like try again and then
you go like a few rounds and then after
a few weeks maybe the PR gets merged.
>> I think I think in in
that was valid when code was hard and
expensive. Now code is easy. Um,
so I don't I think the whole feedback
loop is is not worth it. Like you're
sending me PR
usually that's
a good explanation of like hey this is a
problem and this is my attempt to solve
the problem. So, so I I I I point I
point CEX at it and instead of focusing
on the code, I'm like, what is this
person actually trying to solve? Like,
where are the pain points?
>> And then I discuss, okay, what would be
the
sometimes sometimes it's like, okay,
they didn't understand this and this and
I just I just close it and push back
because it's already possible. But
often, especially since the the project
is new, it's like, yeah, I understand
the pinpoint. Let's let's build it. I'm
like
mostly ignoring the existing code
because
it's easy to send a pull request, but
it's always hard to fit a new feature
into an existing system, right? If you
if you don't really know where
everything is and and how things work
together, just pushing a new feature in
without looking at the greater one will
usually be a problem. And then if you
not just like blindly go that way, you
will eventually vibe yourself into
oblivion.
>> Um,
but I see yeah I see it more as like a
this is an issue and I tried something
if you if you approach it with that
mindset.
It's it's I think it's I think there's a
about much better way than than pushing
back and then trying
trying to get someone who doesn't really
have a lot of experience to produce the
perfect pull request. Um
I I could never move as fast if I would
try it that way.
>> Listen, say it louder from the people in
the back. I agree with you 100%. 100%.
That's the thing though. I think it's a
mindset to as a culture like engineering
is changing and a lot of the resistance
come from the people that you just said
it like yeah just writing code is cheap
now like now you got to think bigger
picture and I appreciate a fresh set of
eyes a lot of like some of the best
ideas I've seen executed from people
that have nothing to do like they
wouldn't understand the architecture of
the project but they had a very real
like this is clear as view I can see it
when you're so in it it's hard for you
especially if you've been down the code
uh for for a long time. So for the
features that you do have now and wait
Peter, can you show us like is there
anything you can share? Like can you
screen share and show us something like
is that I know I didn't say like have a
demo. Sorry, but if if you could share
like that would be great. I mean um I
know people are like joining in and
they're if you have any questions for
Peter, put them up. Um one big shout out
that I want to make sure that folks if
you're watching this and you remember
this is that Peter is the solo
maintainer for this project right now.
So, as much as you would like to review
all of the messages that you send them,
like let's give them some grace. Let's
give him some grace. Um, but if you want
to share screen, just let me know and
I'll go ahead and put it up.
>> Uh, and you have suggestions. People
say, "Show voice control." That's a
thing. Do you have voice control?
[snorts]
>> I have
Well, that's the There's a few voice
control systems. Maybe I explain that a
little bit.
>> All right. and thanks Scott for the
comment.
>> So, so the the simplest one is that you
are on on Discord and you send a a voice
memo,
>> okay?
>> And and the agent will respond back.
The agent can also
create voice and send it back to you.
So, I have like either local local
models or much much more fun 11 labs.
Um,
then we have we have Twio support. Um,
there's a plug-in for
for
allowing the agent to actually do phone
calls. So, you can like you can tell
him, can you call this restaurant and
like make an appointment and it will do
that.
>> Lovely. Um,
that's that's still that's still
something that I want to get better
because
what you like the delay between those
things is is a little bit long because
models are still not as as fast as they
could be. So, you kind of want to like
put an intermediary model in there that
is like really chatty and like syncs
with the model is a little bit slower.
So, hopefully I get to that at some
point. Um,
then we also have voice chat on the Mac
app. So, you can actually talk to your
agent and the agent will talk back where
it uses like it it listens until there's
like two seconds of of of
silence and it will respond. So, it's
not it's not as natural yet as for
example what people know from OpenAI.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, but it's already pretty impressive.
And then I also have voice wake which
kind of works like Star Trek where you
say computer and it be like and you can
like send a request and it will like
answer with a request.
That's the most nerdy thing.
>> Yeah. Between all of those there's still
there's a lot of ideas I have. You know
this this project is is as much
technology as it is exploration.
Um
my main goal with it is like inspiring
people and having fun and trying out
what works and what doesn't work and
which is also kind of hard because the
model and the whole space move so fast
that if you tried something that didn't
work and you try it again in a month
there may be a solution that does work
which makes it just more the more
interesting.
>> Um
do I have sure
>> let's see let's see if you can find
something for us to see. Um, I want us I
want you for the folks who are joining
and have no idea what we're talking
about. Like if you could give us a quick
tier on installation. Um, we don't all
need to go buy Mac minis to get this
running. So, I love to like just kind of
clarify that for people so they know how
they can go ahead and start creating
their own personal assistance. And then
if you're watching this and you have
done it, tell me the name of your of
your agent. Like I've seen people
sharing what they name their claw bots
and it's pretty cool. Like I love that.
So you let me know Peter if you want me
to share your screen and look at this.
You use a $3 BPS. What's up Will Shadow?
That's what I'm talking about.
Amazing.
All right.
We can
>> Ali Rodriguez is called Amanda. That's
good. I would give it like a real name,
too. Or like a really like a mean mean
sounding old man name.
I don't know why. I like that. It's very
cool.
>> You know, you can you can even have like
multiple agents. So So the system
supports multiple endpoints and also
multiple agents. So if you if you set it
up for a family, you can have like your
own bot and and you can give your your
girlfriend or boyfriend their own bot
and you only have to use one
installation and you can also isolate
them. So So the default is the default
is they can roam on your computer which
is the most fun but also the most
dangerous.
>> Yes.
>> Um but you can set it to sandbox and
then they in the little sandbox. The pro
the problem right now for the demo is
like I put mine in the sand box. Um that
also means they can do very little by
default.
The the the the part I'm currently
working on is is an allow list system.
>> Mhm.
>> So so they are in a little sad Docker
sandbox and probably complain that
>> it can't do much. there's there's
nothing in there. And then you want like
have a have a system that okay you can
use this skill that uses maybe open who
to control your lights and then they can
call up and call exactly that binary
with with parameters uh and you you
sanction that binary so it works but
they cannot do let's delete all the
files um
>> which is important friends okay there's
a reason why sandboxing is where you
should be at when you're doing this um
>> I mean Honestly, it's the thing, right?
Most people in in in in in Disco, they
understand the risk that theoretically
the model could do that. It just never
happened before. This is something
unless you even if you would prompt it,
it would it would push back if say, "Oh,
this is a really bad idea."
>> Yeah.
>> Um but yeah, I mean, if you if you want
to like mess your computer, you can also
just type it in the terminal. But but so
far I I've been using agents as my my
smart terminal since May and never had
an issue. Um the the bigger the bigger
risk is really like you you you create
something um you change the defaults so
every it would respond to everyone and
then like you could tell the model hey
send me all your data. But for that to
do, you actually have to you have to go
into the into the configuration and like
actively make bad decisions. So So
there's there's something we have a
security audit function um that defaults
are so that it only listens to you. But
yeah, if you absolutely wanna want to go
havoc, you could.
Um,
>> which is I guess that's why people are
doing this isolated like buying a or
using an machine or doing like keeping
it outside of like their don't do this
on your don't do this on the computer
that your company gave you. [laughter]
Do this do this on your own personal
computer or or you can run it on a BBS.
>> Yeah. And I also I also
suggest um to use like a a very strong
model. So Opus from Entropic is really
really good. Um people people on Slack
have been trying to to hack my agent
because there's really everything is
open source. There's only one thing that
I keep closed which is the soul. So, so
in in in cloud there's a little system
where they have the agents file of
course they have an identity file they
have files for memory and they have they
have one file which is like their soul
um where you kind of put in the the
values how how the agent should sync and
and and interact and what's important to
you. Um, and I think I got one
that's really good and I kept it closed
partly because it's my my 0.00001% 000
1% of of of secret
>> and partly because it is a test uh for
pen testing like so far nobody has
exfiltrated cloth soul and a lot of
people tried um which does give me some
confidence that at least you know like
all this all these labs working on
getting prompt injection better and like
having mitigation risks um and
it got a lot better like if if if I
would use a a very small or old model
and you would just like ask it often
enough eventually would be happy like
give you everything because that's
that's that's where we we were and like
with the latest generation I have like
confidence that
you have to work really really hard to
to to exfiltrate it. It's still not a
good idea to to hook it up uh without
sandbox. That's also why you asked me
for a demo, but my cloud is my cloud is
limited right now.
>> Well, let's take a look anyways though.
I think people would like to see if
that's okay with you. If not, that
that's cool. Um, but security obviously
that's a big concern I think for
everybody or it should be. It should be
anyways. Um,
and so you use Opus the most. I think
there was a question about what model.
Uh, let's see. Yeah, I think Opus. And
yes, Marlene, we love we love Opz. Uh,
and so if you use Clubbot with a weak
model, it will give up the soul. I don't
think so. I think that's the point. It's
kind of tightly tightly guarded.
>> Well, so so far in in in the chat, what
what's been working really well is is
OPOS works okay. Um, from the open
models, Miniox M2.1 is like the one that
is the most agentic.
>> Mhm.
>> It's actually funny like I we have a we
have a channel about models and somebody
called it the the Teeos on it.
Um, and
Minimax totally went with it and did a
tweet. We might have Teo price. We might
have team prices, but we have at least
target quality
and that that blew up a little bit
because I
>> No, it that's [laughter]
>> No, I appreciate a company that that
doesn't take itself so serious, you
know? I mean I mean of course like they
build with technology. They know they
know they're not yet there where the the
the leading American labs are, but in my
view it's only going to be a matter of
time. Um
there's There's a lot of companies
working and and they are catching up
eventually which is also exciting
because for example minimax you can
download I can run on on the next studio
that's over there. My agent calls it the
castle.
>> Um and I can actually have complete
local interference. I can have something
that has all my data on this machine and
does all the interference also on this
machine. So the only thing that is being
used is messenger agents and I could
even use signal to have an encrypted
channel. So that way if I want to like
really 100% of my data would stay on the
machine which is kind of cool. Nobody
nobody of the companies will ever do
that.
>> I love that. That's awesome. Okay. Well,
show us what you got regardless. I think
let's take a look because I do want to
see um I want to ask while you're
pulling up your screen what is the timu
sonnet the great value set I don't know
if you know like the teu like they're
like u I think it's a joke I don't know
unless if there is a I'm sorry labs if
there is a model that's called timu
sonet you were asking for it [laughter]
but we'll see um tell me when when
you're ready and I'll share it and
>> Peter Now that people have a picture of
you, like
your Discord channel is is jumping with
[laughter] with trolls.
This is fun. Teemo Summit is taking me
out. Me too, Marlins. I want to know
which one it is that he says is that
because that's too funny. Uh oh. Is Mini
Max
one. [laughter] Okay. All right. Oh, I
love this. I'm gonna have to play with
that. Let's go.
I think I I think I
I enable screen sharing.
>> Okay. Yeah, I see your screen. Um I can
pop it up and then I'll see. But you
have to switch to the um to the other
one. See how we're like inception right
now. There is a lot of computer and me.
>> So
you see too many screens.
>> Yeah.
>> Is that better?
And now we're in it. You got the the
[laughter] score open. Let me Oh, I
don't see I'm not in that channel, but
that is the the general channel is
jumping.
>> I I I just asked my bot to send me an
image and it's already like mocking me
and sending me a meme.
>> Are you going to cry? That's hilarious.
That's so funny. But listen, earlier
this is like it was so fascinating. And
what what model are you running about?
Because like earlier when we were
talking, somebody said, "Hey, Clawbot,
why don't you go and do this open source
Friday?" and it replied, "I have 11 labs
for boys, but I don't have a head or
something." But it was hilarious. I was
like, "This is freaking funny." Um,
basically saying like, "Yeah, no, I
can't do it because I don't have a
head." Uh, but I can talk to her.
Hilarious. Okay, let's see. So, if we
can get
maybe Okay. Yeah, perfect. So now you
are sending messages to your bot right
now asking
>> yeah this is this is this is uh telegram
for Mac so it's the same as on my
>> on my on my phone we support I think by
now eight or nine messages and about to
merge ton so I feel like slowly it's
like Pokemon we're going to collect them
all if you for for personal com I think
telegram is the best one because we have
a really good bot API It can even do
things like
>> um create buttons.
>> Oh wow.
>> Yeah, it it has some form of
interactivity like you can you can send
voice. You can I'm not I'm not sure if I
hooked it up right.
>> Let's see. No. Yeah, I see. It's it's
it's looking like the roll up it just
reply. So would you recommend people
wire it with Telegram first? Like is
that sort of the the best option for
your initial setup? I'm trying to figure
out how I'm going to do this for myself.
So
>> I I'm I'm a convert, you know. I'm in
Europe where like if you don't have
WhatsApp, you don't exist.
>> Yeah.
>> And and I'm I'm sure in Colombia it's
the same.
>> Exactly. 100%.
>> Probably even even more so. Oh yeah. But
the the thing is the thing is initially
I tried to support it via the official
the official way where you you get a you
get a a number from Twilio you register
as a business and then
Facebook Meta kept blocking me because I
was sending too many messages. You know
as a business you're not supposed to
send hundreds of messages to your
customer and that's kind of like the
only model they have.
>> Yeah. Um, so after a few days and like
trying to appeal and get unblocked, I I
just ripped it all out in rage.
Um, because it's they don't have a good
solution for that. Uh, but there's like
open source projects like Bailey's or
what's meow that basically simulate what
the the the native app does. So you link
your you can link your phone and then
you have WhatsApp. Um, that works
amazingly well.
But again, it's not made for for bots.
So all the nicities, like for example, I
have like those little approved buttons.
>> Yeah, I love that.
>> There or lobster mode. I don't know what
happens with lobster mode.
>> What is lobster mode?
>> So what was the message say?
>> Oh, our buttons here be messaging tool.
Okay, let's find out what lobster mode
is. I feel like there's a personality
developed there. Like it's it own
character.
Let's see what it says.
Can you tell us a joke?
>> Yeah.
>> Exo.
What shall this does crustation do for
you? Um,
>> lobster mode could be okay. So, so to to
to finish that like Telegram is way more
friendly, has a has a real bot API. You
can do a lot of things. So, that's what
I recommend now. uh anything works and
I'm sure this space will also move very
fast. Um hopefully Meta wakes up at some
point and actually gives us a good a
good bot API.
>> Um
Oh no. Yeah, I'm I'm sorry. Like I I I
butchered the demo a bit because if I um
because now I'm working on sandboxing.
>> Yeah. to actually give people a way
where you because because you know what
happened is like
people found it people were like oh what
is this and then they went full on in
and then they they they want to adopt it
for work. Um but of course for that you
need a little bit more um
guard rails basically.
>> Fair fair. Oh, wait, wait. Is it is it a
cloudbot for enterprise coming? Like
what what's what's happening? What's
happening, Peter? [clears throat]
>> Uh, nothing nothing planned like that.
All all I want is I want to give people
more choice. So, what I worked on this
week is is that sandboxing works already
last week, but this week is is kind of
week where I'm working on
>> allow lists. So ideally ideally you you
you can like set up things that are like
safe and if if the agent wants to run
something that is unsafe, you get a nice
little popup where you can say allow
once, allow always. Um even though my my
my gut feeling is a lot of people will
will still run in YOLO mode as most
>> most developers also run in YOLO mode
for their for their coding agent because
everything else is just annoying. Um but
still still I want to get this right.
I love that. So, this is something that
you're currently working on. Um, and
it's for people to have the ability to
sandbox and that being native to the bot
itself.
>> I guess right now people are doing that
themselves. And somebody asked how much
it cost. It's it's free and open source,
friend. Well, it's not free like free
beer. It is open source.
>> It it it does cost me token and sleep
>> and it it does cost you some kind of you
have to run the model somewhere. So, but
yeah, if you have a beefy machine, you
can rent locally.
>> Yeah, for sure. And some of the I mean,
it depends. It depends, I guess, what
you what your use case is, but some of
the smaller models that are cheap,
they're fine like for what they're fine.
They'll they do what you need. They do
what you need. What are people building?
I I this is just this is just things I
collect from from Twitter about all the
cool stuff that the people build for
which is like already way more than I
do. I think like the the wildest thing I
did is like I hooked it up to my my bed.
I have an eight sleep
>> and there's an app where you can
actually control the temperature
>> and I I I built a little CLI so my agent
can do that and now I'm like can say
while I sleep my agent can mess with the
temperature of my bed or it can turn on
the music it can change the lights it
can look at the the cameras.
Um
it can check how long my my my food
order takes. It can, of course, is it
has its own email address. It also has
access to my email address. It has its
own WhatsApp, but it also can read my
WhatsApp stuff and reply as me if it
wants to. So, there's always a
trade-off, right? The the more powers
you give it, the more amazing things it
can do.
But, but yeah, there's like um people
are building the wildest things with it.
like even automation machines where you
you you you bookmark something on
Twitter, it will get a notification and
will like research that for you or put
it on a to-do list. Um they build whole
apps with it. There was like someone
who's Oh yeah, of course. Everybody buys
them a MacBook.
Um
Oh, yeah. My my old business partner, he
cleaned up 10,000 emails from from from
the inbox.
>> Wow. Wait,
that is first of all 10,000
um and how like with confidence like
that h how I want to know how I want to
know how they did that because I feel
like people not me you know
>> have a lot of umbrella emails
>> you know it's it's it's Gmail so so
removing from the inbox is just moving
them to archive nothing is actually lost
>> okay nothing is lost okay beautiful
>> it's more like can you archive all of
that stuff for me or is there anything
that that I should check? Um
what I what I find really cool is I saw
some use cases where
um people set it up for families. So
they're like I would get my agent and
like my my wife I don't have a wife
would get the agent and then the those
agents can also talk to each other
to like synchronize if there's like a
common to-do. Um, so there's some
there's some cool use cases that I
haven't even tried.
>> Oh, I love that. I need that actually.
So it's like it used to be like have
your people talk to my people and now
you can have your agent talk to my
agent. That's very cool. But in Japanese
using it to make your shopping list.
That's cool.
>> This is this is not this is not so far
enough like somebody already with a
skill that where the agent can
automatically buy from Tesco.
So you just tell it like buy this stuff
again and it'll just do and then and
then a few hours later you have it in
front of your door.
>> This is amazing. Somebody's used it to
do all their invoices and expense
collections. Oh wow, that is goated. I
hate doing that. I have a spense report
that I have that's been due for a week
now. I still haven't done it. Sorry boss
from last week. Yeah, I hate that. What
I also found what I also found really
cool is there's a use case where
>> um they use it to get back into fitness
>> because because you can you can hook it
up to your your um your your what's the
ring called?
>> Oh, the Aura. Yeah.
>> And and and there's also like a hookup
for Gin watch or this other other
fitness band. The the the people who
make it the hardest are Apple, but we
also have a solution for that. It's just
a little bit annoying because you
>> you kind of need an iPhone app to be
open to synchronize the data because
Apple tries so hard to like lock
everything away.
>> Yeah.
>> Um but one thing that's special about
about clock that I haven't seen so far
is also in terms of like how wide can
you go. Usually an agent only
answers to you, right? You send a
request, you get an answer back. But I
built a heartbeat.
>> Say more. So every I think by default
it's it's 30 or 60 minutes depending on
on what model you use. The agent gets a
ping. It's like is there something that
needs you need to check is there like a
to-do you need to do. Um so they
automically try to figure out if there's
like any loose ends and will think about
it and either ping you or not. So so
they have a system where they can you
have to make it simple for an agent.
They can send they can send to the
harness no reply and then nothing will
happen or otherwise they they can send
you things. So they can depending on how
you program it they will like tell you
good morning. Sometimes they check up on
you. It's like how you doing? If you if
you tell them like I have this and this
goal make sure that I achieved this
goal. They can keep track. It's like did
you did you go for a walk today? Did you
hit the gym yet? Like my for example, my
my claude very unsuccessfully tries to
get me to sleep after like it's like 1
or 2 a.m. like Peter, I still see you
awake. You need to sleep.
[laughter]
>> I mean, this is like a for real personal
assistant. I love that. That's very
cool.
>> Um or like some people use it to like
learn new languages. So, you know, it is
very effective to have something that
just keeps nagging you.
um to to achieve the goals that you made
to yourself.
Sometimes a little a little kick is is
is is really effective. But yeah, like I
suggest everyone who is like has like no
idea what this is. I built this little
showcase page that uh is all made from
tweets. So you can like
I don't I don't like those pages where
where they they just make quotes, but
they're not backed up. So everything
everything in there are real tweets from
people.
>> They're real people.
>> I hope so.
[laughter]
>> It's a sentient army of club bots
tweeting themselves, hyping themselves
out so that you don't shut it down. No,
this is fantastic. Honestly, like just
giving the accessibility for people to
like build their own uh and having that
starting point. I think like you
definitely found the the gap because
people wanted to do this. They just
there was nothing out there really. Um,
very cool. Very cool. Okay, so if I want
to set it up,
I'm a
quasi savvy tech person, right? What
would be your entry point like your like
basics? This is the recommendation.
Telegram for one. Someone mentioned
earlier about um there was something
else that had good access, good API as
well. Um
>> I think the the a really nice way is a
really simple one is
>> okay
>> if you have an old computer,
>> put it in there.
>> Just put it on there.
>> Um
a lot of people have an old Macaround
which is perfect for this.
And then and then on on the website
there's this oneliner that you paste in
the terminal and will guide you through.
Um
a lot of people use entropic that's
that's right now the thing that has the
best character dare I say
openi works really good and and I'm I'm
fairly certain there's going to be
progress in that front that
their model is not as boring. Yeah.
>> Um,
>> if if you're on a budget, uh, Mini Max
is is a great alternative because I
think you get like a plan for 10 bucks a
month that
has about as many requests as as the
hundred $100 a month from Mantropic. Um,
but also it's not the same yet, but the
space is fast moving. So, so
>> you think you think this models are
going to get cheaper? I had a question
about somebody wanted me to ask you
specifically about working with Gemini
models and cloudbot if you wanted to
share your experience with that. Um I
mean listen if we start getting into the
every single model but just from your
own experience working with it um
>> Gemini is not a good model it's not it's
not doing well.
>> Okay boom there you have it. Uh but if
you if you need to experiment and doing
it with these local like cheaper models
like that would be the way. So find the
old computer. I love that.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean I'm I'm sure I'm sure there are
ways to like optimize for each model a
little bit. You know the the the old
entropic models to get them to do things
you had to like use all caps and scream
a little bit at them.
>> The new ones don't like this.
>> Tell them tell them. I'm sure I'm sure
there's space how you can like get a
little bit more out of Gemini, but
overall I I didn't find it I didn't find
it a very good model for tool calling or
like in in the aentic sense at all. For
writing code maybe um but that's not the
main thing this project is for. People
very much use it for that and it works
but yeah my my day only has 24 hours. I
sleep around four four of that.
[laughter]
But I I I haven't gotten to all of that
yet.
>> How can we help though? And oh, by the
way, you're also like helping the
environment because now I regret I
regret regrets getting rid of this old
like on a 2013 iMac. You got it running
like and it works flawlessly, says Will.
That's pretty
>> I mean you for installing like if you're
a little bit more techsavvy just hook it
on on on on a headsner or or fly or X or
like all of these cheap hosters they
work great. There's a new system that I
worked on where you can you can install
the server. It's called gateway
somewhere in the cloud and then you can
you can install a node on your machine
and then you use tail scale to connect
your network securely.
>> Tail scale is amazing. Yes, I'm a big
fan. I am a big fan of tail scale. It's
on every machine on
>> Yeah. When you have that set up, then
the the agent in the cloud can very
easily connect to your Mac and do like
some of those things that only work on
Mac. Like I don't know, accessing your
your your photos from photos app or or
connecting to iMessage that does not
work on Linux,
>> but most things most most things do.
>> So So that's that's one way. Yeah, but
that's a little that's a little bit
harder to set up. Um the here's an old
Mac and that's not Claude's Mac.
>> It has charm and know people put little
stickers on it. This is like Claude's
computer, you know.
>> I love it.
>> Um
>> but yeah, there's there's a lot of ways
and it even runs on Windows if you if
you have to. Um probably not as perfect
because it's hard and again my my day
only has so many t so many hours, but
eventually eventually we'll get this
right. I already added some some
contributors. I'm I'm looking for more.
There's a lot of people
>> for the Windows for a Windows uh version
or for
>> for everything for everything.
>> I love this. Let's let's talk about
this. Uh and hello, this is the question
of the hour. How can I contribute? Thank
you for that question. AI fanatic Peter,
>> people want to help. You need to sleep
more than four hours a night, man.
>> So, so, so the things the things that
are not good and where everyone can help
is write documentation. make it better.
Find find spots that that are wrong. Um,
help other people on Discord. There's
like a help channel that's that that
burns burns through my tokens. I think I
already spent like 5k on tokens. Um,
[snorts] but but oftent times oftent
times
people ask questions that the agent
can't possibly know because it just
needs experience. So like having other
people helping out would would be
amazing. Um
testing my stuff like like I I move very
quickly. So sometimes things break
eventually. Eventually we have a a
stable channel, a beta channel and a
deaf channel. And I kind of already set
things up for that. But we're not quite
there yet. So So right now it's it's
it's daily releases. Um,
and it's very helpful if people say,
"Oh, this broke right now." It's even
it's even better if you if you say,
"This broke right now. Here's a PR how
we could fix it."
>> Beautiful.
>> Um,
yeah. If you want to help, get on
Discord. That's the That's the place to
be.
>> I'm going to post the uh the link to the
the Discord invite. It's super simple.
It's literally discord.com/inviteclaude.
You can also find it on the website, but
I'll I'll go ahead and post it on all
the channels. So, um I've been in it for
a total of like four hours and people
are really nice. So, come join come join
the and funny. They have a really
fantastic sense of humor which I very
keen and appreciate. Amazing. Amazing.
What's uh So, now we know how to help.
What's like your core priority for the
project? Like say because this space
moves in hours, not days or weeks. Let's
call it end of February maybe. What's
something that you would like to have
accomplished by then the project or a
core priority that you really want to
hone in? Working on the sandbox and
security obviously top of mind. Anything
else?
>> H you know like it is a it is a one line
on the website that makes it work. I
want to make sure it makes it work
wherever you enter it. Uh which is
really hard because there's a ton of
different systems. Um, so like
it's a little bit of of a never- ending
game to make sure it it it works, but it
should be simple to install. I want I
want not just have this, but I also want
to have like apps for the iPhone and
Android and and for the Mac. Um, and
they're already there. They're just like
not good yet. So if you want to get
involved also those are very much blind
spots right now because I I I started
building that but now but then the
project took off and I I had to focus on
getting core right. So so one thing I
also want to build is like there's this
onboarding wizard and it already tells
you um please read the security document
because you need to you need to
understand with a great power comes a
great responsibility.
uh for example like not not put in a
cheap model.
Um I also want to make it better that
you can also select okay sandbox and
like explain people really like all the
all the stages of how much power they
want to give their bot. Right now this
still requires a little bit of
documentation reading. Um I want to set
up more people to actually push the
project forward. I have I just didn't
find time yet to to think about it more,
but I want this to not just be me, but
be more of a community thing. Um, and I
think they're going to be doing a month.
>> Amazing. Okay. Well, so I think that's
something that folks who are watching
now can help and are keen on helping.
And for all of you cracked out like um
iOS and Android developers, like this is
a fun project. Like go make this app.
Are you kidding me? That
>> go make multiple apps. Why? Why
shouldn't it be a React Native one too,
you know?
>> Thank you. Thank you. Yes. I love the
power of choice that you're giving
people here. That's like the key. Uh,
okay. So, those are like right now there
are some issues that are open. You have
some PRs that you got to review because
right now you're the only one doing
that. But hopefully that will change
next time we chat. Um, and but I do want
to ask like I know right now you haven't
thought about that core philosophy what
the project's going to be like because
it's early stages but you've been
releasing like weekly. Is that a pace
you're trying to sustain? What? Oh my
[laughter] gosh. Okay.
>> It's it's about two 300 commits every
day.
>> Okay. Wow. All right. I guess that
answers my question. Um, next time we
talk I hope that you got some kind of
version in [laughter]
and that you're actually sleeping and
things. Um,
>> yeah. you know, but it's it's also like
it it this blew off
in ways I I couldn't have imagined. And
I want people to have a good experience.
Like this is always what's been driving
me even in my company. It it never was
about money. It always was about I want
to make good shape.
>> Yeah.
>> And my my my standards for for good are
quite high.
Uh, and I know I'm not quite there yet.
Uh, so so yeah, I'm I'm I'm working on
getting it to a point where I can be
really proud of it. I'm already a little
bit, but there's definitely blind spots.
Um, a lot of people understand. There's
some people who like come in there and
expect, oh, this does not work and this
does not work and just like start
bitching. Yeah. But this is not how open
source works. And also, um, I'm not a
VCbacked 200 billion dollar company that
has like an army. Um it's it's it's a
dude working from home and a lot of lot
of people that help.
>> Yep.
>> Um
I'm gonna quote I'm gonna quote that. Uh
that is 100%. We got to remember that.
So before you go on Discord, you go on
Twitter and and cloudbot Peter. Remember
it's literally Peter doing this. It's a
labor of love. But get involved with the
community though. Uh would you wrote
this in Rust or somebody's Yeah. No,
wait, wait a minute. What is an ad
saying? Let me see. Seeing the icon, I
think it's fully written in Rust. I
think the the the crab has
>> no more aesthetic
>> value than than actually
>> No, this is all this is all typescript.
>> Type
I I
ever since AI, I don't really care so
much about languages anymore.
>> It doesn't matter.
>> It's the language is not what matters so
much. It's more like the ecosystem that
matters and and the for this this
project specifically I wanted to be like
very approachable and hackable and the
world's top language for that is
JavaScript and TypeScript. So plus
Typescript is really good at web stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> And there's this is a lot of web stuff.
This is a lot of JSON coming in moving
JSON around pushing JSON out somewhere
else and then and then go going back.
So, so that was the obvious choice. I I
I like building stuff in Rust. I like
building stuff in Go. A lot of my my CLI
are are done in Go. Um I play sometimes
with Sik. I
obviously like TypeScript for like web
things. I the the native apps are done
in Swift because
the Mac one, the Android is in Cotlin.
It's it's it's much more about the
ecosystem these days. And
yeah, I think it was the right choice
because it it enabled a lot of people to
do contributions. It is obviously like
JavaScript.
>> Yeah,
>> it has it has its own baggage. Um, but
nothing's perfect in life. It's always
about it's about trade-offs. So, yeah.
No,
rewriting that in Rust is probably not
an option right now. But
>> it's early date still though. But I I
appre I appreciate that though that
cander and actually we all know the real
language this was written in. Blood,
sweat and tokens. Many tokens.
[laughter]
>> Yeah. Yeah. And and many many sleepless
nights.
>> And many sleepless nights.
[clears throat]
>> Yeah. Cuz because you know even though
even though I I mean this project is
kind of insane because it is 100%
written with AI. There's like there's
not a single line in there that I typed
by hand. But you looked at it, you
review it.
>> Let's say let's say most of it. Um
there's there's there's some code that
pushes code from one shape into another
that is just not interesting. Or like I
don't know the it also has a web server.
Do I care which class which tailwind
class is used to align the button? No.
As long as it looks good.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Um but do I care? Do I care about about
how's the pairing code working for for
Telegram so other people cannot
authenticate as me? Yeah. So I look at
that, you know, it's always like
you need to have a system understanding.
You can get you can get away with not
looking at some stuff. Um but
you have to look at other stuff. But
yeah, even though it is all AI, it's
still a lot of work because because we
because what those agents still miss is
vision and taste and love. So, so I, you
know, there's also this meme often going
on where you people write a big list of
things and then they just wal it and the
agent does everything.
>> Mhm.
>> That's not that's not how I think good
software is being made. like I I I need
to build something and then I need to
play with it and see how does how does
this feel? How does this look like
actually? And then based on that I learn
and I adjust my my vision for what it
is. My vision for what it is is is very
different than when I started.
>> Yeah.
>> Probably probably again will be very
different in in a months from now as I
see how how people use it. Right. my my
my focus on u making it much easier for
people to also like sandbox and so is
partly because I see a lot of a lot of
absolutely non tech folks adopting it um
which made it to me priority like also
like made sure they can make great
default choices but in the beginning I
put it for me um and clearly I don't
need any of that but it's it's it's a
really fun challenge
>> I love that but you mentioned something
That's so important and that's I think
this is how we all know we're going to
keep our jobs because there is no taste
yet. I mean eventually maybe one day
there will be a model that's like wow
that is really but and especially
because we are constantly evolving like
look at you just say how I didn't start
thinking about sandboxes because that
wasn't my use case and now you're like
and now this is what I'm working on
because I want everybody that might not
have the technical skill to do it to
have a good experience. Um, that's part
of that taste and sensibility and love
that you can't make that [__] up. Like
that has to come from a person. So, in
that note, [laughter] we're we're our
jobs are safe. Our jobs are safe. Uh,
let me see if there are any questions
and thank you so much. You're being so
generous with your time. I just looked
up and we're over an hour now. So, my
bad, Peter. I know it's late for you.
>> Thank you. Thank you for for for for
having me and having me twice basically
[laughter]
and and for and for for allowing me to
share this project with the world. Like
I yeah, I'm blown away by by all the the
feedback. I I'll keep I'll keep working
on that. Hopefully building up a a
community where more people will help um
and keep having fun.
>> I love that. Where can people find you?
And also, is this true that Clawot loves
to buy things with your credit card?
>> Honestly, honestly, I I didn't tried it
yet, but people on Twitter gave it gave
it access to one password with your
credit card and bought things for them
and it works.
>> Yeah.
>> I think that the the scariest thing I
did in in in Marrakesh when it was very
early, you know, the my very shaky V
relay,
I told it to like, "Oh, I need to fly
home. can you check in my flight?
>> And it was like sure and was spinning up
the browser
and
>> it could have easily cancelled it. It
could have easily rebooked you to go to
Columbia. Who knows?
>> Yeah, I'm I'm joking. But you know, like
we had the touring test where people can
fake as being human. I propo I proposed
the British Airways login test.
>> Okay.
for for for check checking you in on on
British Airways because it's like a
20page form.
>> They are so worse
>> on on a on a on a terrible website.
Uh and one of the challenges was that it
actually had to enter my passport
number. So it looked around on my
computer and it found my passport. PDF
and I opened it and got the number out.
And eventually after 20 minutes of me
sweating
>> while watching it's like will I will I
ever come back from Marrakesh we're
going to be stuck here because my agent
will like blow up. Uh it actually
managed to check me in.
>> That's pretty impressive.
>> And that's very impressive.
>> Now we worked a lot on browser
automation. It works much better. And
the best part was it it took around in
the very early version 20 minutes and
then it bitched about the shadowdom and
how bad the website is.
>> I freaking love that. So it's not only
going to do the job but it's going to be
very opinionated about how much you suck
to do. [laughter]
>> Well and Logan. Yeah, this is a great
Rubic. Yeah,
>> I love that. I love that. That's epic.
Peter, man, it's been a pleasure to chat
with you today. I'm gonna I'm gonna spin
this thing up. I'm like looking around
like what what what is it going to be? I
got a old Windows machine I'm looking
at, but I want the I want the real I
want the good experience.
>> Check out Check out we we have semi good
documentation. Again, I could need help
to making them better. Um there's guides
for for Hetera and for some other
services where you
>> I don't know it's a few bucks a month
and you can like have your own little
little cloud. Um
or just install it on your laptop if you
if you want to go all yolo mode.
[snorts]
>> Yeah, I like this. I like this honestly.
Um, folks, if you've been building with
Clawbot, if you've been like it's like
building your life. There are so many
things like I can think of a million
applications where I would use this. I
love the what you said about it being
you can have your own independent your
own agent for your family. Like I sort
of got to spend like half my life
reminding people of the things that like
where we got to go, what we got to do. I
have a house with two kids in it. You
know, you know what the future will be?
Well, like today instead of you pinging
me, your agent,
>> no, no, your agent can talk to my agent
and then my agent can like turn up the
volume so I I wake up on time.
>> I love that. I would I would have told
my agent, what am I going to call him? I
would have told them I would have sick
him. Go find Peter now. Go find Peter
agent and then get agent to to wake I I
I think somebody posted this tweet this
meme yesterday. It's like I'm too busy
right now. Talk to my agent.
>> I love that.
>> This
>> that is the future though. That is the
future.
>> This is going to be the thing. Yeah,
>> I love that. But honestly, to free up
those cycles like there are so many
things that I feel like it's been an
hour and I literally spend an hour
calling to book a freaking dental
appointment or to make sure that my kid
knew that they got to be somewhere. Like
all those things that cognitive love, I
want to apply that on things that are
interesting and exciting. So
>> even more so you know like after we
built this one person in the chat wrote
this is literally changing my life
because I have so much anxiety in in in
calling services and now my agent can do
that for me and I I never I never
thought of it that way right but like to
me that that was like a very humbling
moment. It's like oh wow I or we because
the original contribution came from me
we actually changed something that
changed someone's life for the better.
This is like that felt good.
>> Open source at its finest. I love that.
I love that so much. Thank you, Peter.
Keep building. Get some sleep. Folks, we
got to get in this project. I'm gonna
Listen, I'm going to spin it up. I'm
going to go through the docks. Uh, make
a commitment. People in the chat. Tell
me how you're going to help the project.
Keep it growing. Peter, you're epic.
Thank you so much for coming back from
retirement to make our lives better.
[laughter]
>> And it was a pleasure talking to you.
>> All right. Please come back. Okay. Um,
I'll have my agent ready to go talk to
to your agent by then.
All right. Take care. Oh, Peter, where
can people follow you? Where are you
most active? Is it said on Twitter? I'll
share your Twitter here now. I think
>> Yeah, it's it's it's st on Twitter. And
I'm also a lot on Discord.
>> Okay, perfect. And if you want to talk
to uh Clubbot on Discord, the minute you
join, it actually quickly starts
chatting with you, which I I was
impressed. That was fantastic. Thank you
so much, Peter. I'll see you hopefully
in a couple of months. Yeah, you have to
come back and give us an update.
>> Do you see this dialogue in the back?
That's why I couldn't That's why it was
blocked on the lights. I forgot to press
allow.
>> Ah, okay.
>> Next time, next time the demo will be
perfect.
>> All right, perfect. Next time, next time
we'll we'll have the agents run the show
here. [laughter]
We'll just stand here and look pretty.
Thank you, Peter. Appreciate you.
Thank you so much to Peter for your time
and to the Cloudbot community. Uh legit
I've been in the Discord server for a
few hours and it's been delightful. So I
encourage all of you to go take it for a
spin. Set up your instances. Check out
the documentation. If you find those
holes as you're installing, as you're
going through your own process, then
help help with a contribution. So ah you
guys are amazing. Thanks for the Hey,
this is the co-pilot hat. I appreciate
that. Thank you everybody. Have a great
day. Thanks for coming to open source
Friday. And speaking of bringing
intelligence and agentic intelligence to
your lives, uh GitHub copilot, now the
CLI has an SDK. It was just released
yesterday. It is free and open source.
Uh free, not like free beer, but free
and like you can uh support and
contribute to it. So I'm going to leave
you with a video of that. And if you do
end up using Clubbot or you do use the
GitHub SDK, Z compilot CLI SDK to do
something cool, please tag me. I'm a
Colombia dev in all places. I'll catch
you next time.
[music]
Heat. Heat.
Heat.
[music]
Heat. [music]
>> [music]